Bell bowels down niebo Stoops their
idols were on the beasts and on the
cattle your carriages were heavily
loaded a burden to the weary beasts they
stoop they bow down together they could
not deliver the burden but have
themselves gone into captivity listen to
me o house of Jacob and all the remnant
of the house of Israel who have been
upheld by me from birth who have been
carried from the womb even to your old
age I am he and even to gray hairs I
will carry you I have made and I will
bear even I will carry and will deliver
you to whom will you liken me and make
me equal and compare me that we should
be alike they lavish gold out of the bag
and weigh silver on the scales they hire
a goldsmith and he makes it a god they
prostrate themselves yes they worship
they bear it on the shoulder they carry
it and set it in its place and it stands
from its place it shall not move though
one cries out to it yet it cannot answer
nor save him out of his trouble remember
this and show yourselves men
recall to mind oh you transgressors
remember the former things of old for I
am God and there is no other I am God
and there is none like me declaring the
end from the beginning and from ancient
times things that are not yet done
saying my counsel shall stand and I will
do all my pleasure calling a bird of
prey from the east
the man who executes my counsel from a
far country indeed I have spoken it I
will also bring it to pass
I have purposed it I will also do it
listen to me
you stubborn hearted who are far from
righteousness I bring my righteousness
near it shall not be far off my
salvation shall not linger and I will
place salvation in Zion for Israel my
glory
you